List changes (#52)
RalfJung/minirust: lang/machine.md

    /// The place where the caller wants to see the return value.
    caller_ret_place: Place<M>,

    /// The next statement/terminator to execute (the "program counter").
    /// The first component identifies the basic block,
    /// the second the statement inside that basic block.

>     /// If the index is len+1, it refers to the terminator.

Author: This `len+1` was one-off, right?

Reviewer: Ah, good catch.

>     /// If `next_stmt` is len, it refers to the terminator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// If `next_stmt` is equal to the number of statements in this block (an
    /// out-of-bounds index in the statement list), it refers to the terminator.
```

```rust
impl<M: Memory> Machine<M> {

>     fn cur_frame(&self) -> StackFrame<M> {

Author: This is again necessary, as we can't return refs into `GC_STATE`, and also it's not too costly as `StackFrame` contains just a bunch of usizes.
